clarify force and fallback redirect prop descriptions (#1916)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/components/authentication/sign-up.mdx

  - `signInUrl`
  - `string`

>   Used for the 'Sign In' link that's rendered.<br />The full URL or path to the sign in page. It's recommended to use [the environment variable](/docs/deployments/clerk-environment-variables#sign-in-and-sign-up-redirects) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Used for the 'Sign In' link that's rendered.<br />The full URL or path to the sign-in page. It's recommended to use [the environment variable](/docs/deployments/clerk-environment-variables#sign-in-and-sign-up-redirects) instead.
```

  ---

  - `forceRedirectUrl?`
  - `string`

>   If provided, this URL will always be redirected to after the user signs up. It's recommended to use [the environment variable](/docs/deployments/clerk-environment-variables#sign-in-and-sign-up-redirects) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If provided, this URL will always be used as the redirect destination after the user signs up. It's recommended to use [the environment variable](/docs/deployments/clerk-environment-variables#sign-in-and-sign-up-redirects) instead.
```
